Who did you know before?
He can invite the VIP group to you together.
Just lucky
Well, Sister Li Sheng
Then why don't we look forward to him together?
Really?
Sister loves you to death
I didn't expect me to become an orchard today
To participate in such a grand event
Ye Xian, I will definitely kill you
Hey monk, here you are
Thank you for the invitation
Let me have such a chance at Spring Valley Garden
Attend such a grand event
Spring Valley Garden, what I want is your appraisal ability
Don't let this young master down, this courage will give you a chance
Don't worry, I understand.
Let's go. That's all
I see
Is it He Shaolin?
This way, I treat you.